On the lifecycle of a Alamdar function on AWOS there are basically two states and those are published
or unpublished.
So what those means are is that basically if you publish your function your function is visible from
other AWOS services and that function can be invoked from other applications and services.
And if you don't know the function name or any other qualifier of your function no one can discover
or invoke your function.
And until now we use the unpublished method.
So our functions we're in in some kind of test mode or in a staging mode that we were just testing out
and seeing how things work out.
And now we're going to publish our function to the world than our function will be visible from other
ADA youth services and other services can basically invoke our function using various other API and
methods and so on.
So now let's go back to our implementation and see how we can publish a version of our function because
versioning is an important concept in AWOS publishing and to publish a method you're going to have to
define a version and that version is basically provided by AWOS.
If you don't provide it to do so and it is an incremental number and the version.
So in this case if we publish a version to our lambda function and under the qualifier section as you
can see our version is marked as latest and the aliases are as you can see it is unqualified.
So this function is basically using all the latest of it can.
So if we update this function We're always updating the latest version of the function not the version
that we're interested in.
So in a production like environment you're going to have to be careful about the version that you have.
You're going to have to define version you're going to have to attach aliases which is what we're going
to see in upcoming lectures.
So you're going to have to be again careful about the versioning and publishing state of your function.
So if we go back to our application and let's now implement how we can publish a version of our function.
So now I'm just going to go down and I'll just implement my function as publish Lassus use publish name
to be indicative and declarative about our intention publish a new version and from there I'll say function
name to be an argument so that I can pass in any function name.
So within this method I'll say when the client
and after this Lambert client what I will do is basically publish underscore version.
All right within this publish version method call.
Well they all have to pass is the function name so AWOS API is going to take care of the rest of the
process.
All right so now I'll go down and let's just comment these lines out first and all I have to do is print
out publish I was to say publish a new version and I'll pass in the Python lambda name.
All right.
Now let's go up and run.
And here we go.
Our request is successful and we could create a version as you can see with the HTP created status.
So if we go back to our AWOS console and refresh our page and you should note this line not the versions
existing versions.
And I'm just going to go and hit three fresh
and if we go back to qualifiers back again you'll see that we have basically two versions.
We have the latest one.
We have the version 1.
So what we've done is we created a version like a branch of a source code recreated the version 1 and
ific had changed the source code of the version 1.
Before we published that function we would have a different version from the latest version of our home
to function.
So that's basically a difference of versions on AWOS.
And as you saw with our example it is very easy to create and to do so to publish a new version of your
lambda function.